javascript repo updates (#3255)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/javascript/global-configuration.md

If your organization uses the [upstream fallback](/chainguard/libraries/javascript/overview/#upstream-fallback-policy-and-controls)
feature of Chainguard Repository, you can configure your repository manager
with a single upstream pointed at `https://libraries.cgr.dev/javascript/`. This
is the recommended setup. The Chainguard Repository handles fallback and policy
enforcement; your repository manager handles local caching and access control.

> Chainguard will also retrieve packages from the public npm registry on your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chainguard also retrieves packages from the public npm Registry on your
```

behalf when upstream fallback is enabled. This includes protections such as

> malware scanning and a cooldown period for newly published

Reviewer: maybe use "malware protection" ?

Author: will reword to malware detection

packages.

At a high level, adopting the use of Chainguard Libraries consists of the following steps:

* Configure your environment to use `https://libraries.cgr.dev/javascript/`
  as the single upstream source for JavaScript package retrieval. This can be done
  either:
    * As a remote repository in your repository manager, or
    * Directly in your JavaScript build configuration (for example, npm,
      pnpm, or yarn).

> * Additional steps depend on your visibility and validation goals and can include the following optional measures:

Reviewer: I am not sure if you have to keep repeating these steps once packages are newly available from Chainguard

Author: this section is pretty vague to me - I wasn't completely following it. Maybe we can remove it in a follow up PR

Adopting the use of a repository manager is the recommended approach to minimize complexity. If your organization does not use a repository manager, refer to the [direct access documentation](/chainguard/libraries/javascript/build-configuration/) for build tools.

### Manually managing fallback
Chainguard recommends using the Chainguard Repository's built-in [upstream
fallback](/chainguard/libraries/javascript/overview/#upstream-fallback-policy-and-controls)
rather than configuring a public registry fallback in your repo manager.
Configuring your own fallback bypasses the protection that the Chainguard
Repository provides.

However, if upstream fallback is not enabled or you prefer to manage your own fallback

> ordering: you can configure `https://libraries.cgr.dev/javascript/` as a remote

Reviewer: ordering, you can
